#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,NewVersion
Version 0.3 released.

= Introduction =

XmallCharter  -- draw charts from XML data
==================================

XmallCharter is a simple report designer. 
It's developed as a convenient tool for design simple charts like Bar, Pie, Area and Line. 
Using Java as a platform-independent base, XML as a universal data format. 
It supports Undo and Redo functions. It's based on the JFreeChart library.

Enjoy your design of Outstanding Charts.
Have fun.

More information from http://sourceforge.net/projects/xmallcharter

Version: 0.3

Depends on: jfreechart-1.0.0-pre1.jar, jcommon-1.0.0-pre1.jar, dom4j-1.5.2.jar, jaxen-1.1-beta-4.jar

Files:
Executable Jar: xmallcharter-<date>.jar
Source Jar: xmallcharter-src-<date>.jar


= Changes =

XmallCharter 0.3 --- Changes
===================================
Refactor the code to fit for a Java Web Start launch.
Integrate external resources like images and help htmls into jar file.
Change png images to jpg images reduce about 300k space, less time to download.

Now there are 100% jars, for specific, 5 jars and no external resources needed.

XmallCharter 0.2.3 --- Changes
===================================
Format the xml file of chart sollution.
Remove useless comments.
Change some classes' name to clarify their use.
Refactor ChartController and XmallFrame to prevent direct fields access.

XmallCharter 0.2.2 --- Changes
===================================
Fix a bug on processing local chinese data.

XmallCharter 0.2.1 --- Changes
===================================
Fix some bugs with the data table.
Change FONT to small style

XmallCharter 0.2 --- Changes
===================================

Add international locale support for Chinese & English.
Add frame resizable function.
Now we can start design without new a project.
Fix some small bugs.

Have fun.